that's it everybody out mr. Hurst you
have a second to talk I have 2 and 1/2
minutes the most powerful media mogul in
America there's a lot of money in movies
WR huh
mine the most famous movie actor in the
world mr. Chaplin the true honor to meet
you sir failures are character builder
right charlie I don't know Tom you tell
me you're in love with me aren't you
not as much as you are with you Charlie
hmm and the rising star who stole their
hearts I love you so much I love you can
I be frank with you WR I could keep an
eye on her for you hmm
what makes you think she needs to be
washed together for a luxurious weekend
cruise he's heard about us that would
anyt in murder thing can happen this
weekend us what you doing next weekend
there have been whispers Mary there's
nothing going on between me and Charlie
have you slept with him
no have you there are some things even
you can control like what don't worry
your secret is safe with me
you just said everyone knows who's
everyone well everyone on this boat for
example thank you Tom
I'll handle this matter
what's that how is going on you a shot
now by God
I'm gonna make sure that none of this
gets in the paper I'm asking to join me
in an oath of silence but you do not
know what happened to board this boat I
think this is going to be a most
enjoyable bulk ride
yeah that's me
you